Feature/suscripciones panel (#2563)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/subscription-plans/prerequisites.en.md

# Prerequisites

> To create a subscription plan, you must meet the following prerequisite:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a subscription plan, you must meet the following prerequisites:
```

| Requirement | Description |
|---|---|

> | Mercado Pago Account | To create a subscription plan, you need a Mercado Pago account. If you do not have one, visit the [official Mercado Pago site](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) to create it for free. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Mercado Pago Account | To receive recurring payments, you need a Mercado Pago account. If you do not have one, visit the [official Mercado Pago site](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) to create it for free. |
```
